welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead season 10 episode 20. this
episode's all about our zany new
character princess yes we're checking in
with the booty call crew yes we're on a
mission to meet eugene's new radio
girlfriend but she did not show up at
the rendezvous instead there were a
bunch of stormtroopers what so we pick
up right there our group is taken
prisoner and separated thrown into train
cars most of this episode is princess
sitting alone in the train car delving
into the depths of her psyche so enjoy
that from one end she's able to talk to
yumako who's apparently in the next
train car and she's all worried about
yumiko's head injury princess gets a
splinter from the wood though and tells
yumiko a long-winded story about her
childhood to sum up she had terrible
parents in the morning there's enough
light to see on the other end of the
train car a hole has been patched up
pretty lazily she's able to pry that
board right off she finds eugene next
door like hey come on let's escape but
he's like no hold on he's pretty
confident his radio girlfriend belongs
to this group and this is just part of
their being cautious regular interview
process he's like please don't do
anything crazy i think if we just be
friendly they'll be friendly it's all
good and indeed pretty soon princess is
taken in for questioning they're asking
her some basic stuff like what's your
name and where are you from but she
refuses to answer she's just like
how's yuma go she's injured you guys
beat up her head like are you taking
care of her to be fair though her
interviewer is being a huge dick then he
calls her the b
word and slaps her well not cool bro a
little later back in a train car there's
someone on their roof who's this
wow it's king ezekiel busting in he's
like yeah i don't trust these people
either let's make a plan to escape and
when a stormtrooper comes in to bring
her lunch ezekiel bam knocks him out
they're trying to interview this kid
like yo where are our friends but he's
like yo i don't know i'm just the grunt
who's here to feed you he promises
they're part of a good friendly
community and this is indeed just the
standard interview process but ezekiel
uncharacteristically freaks out
starts beating this guy oh ezekiel stop
but now get ready for the twist cause it
wasn't ezekiel at all it was
princess yes she's gone full-on crazy
she just imagined her conversations with
yumiko and eugene
and ezekiel she goes to escape but at
the fence she has another imaginary
conversation with ezekiel hanging out
with some zombies long story short she's
like i've been alone for so long i
should really go out and just be on my
own but i like these new friends they're
cool i'm gonna save them
so she goes back to talk to this guard
like hey man sorry about that i promise
i'm not actually crazy i was just you
know like a little bit crazy cooped up
in here
i mean there's the adhd the anxiety the
ptsd the depression the crushing
loneliness and the active imagination
that helps me cope with all of that she
agrees to play nice and answer all their
questions my name is princess i'm from
pittsburgh these are my new friends i
don't know him that well but i really
like him and he's like cool see it
wasn't that hard you can come out and
reunite with your friends now but
outside whoa they've got bags on their
heads
oh are they the bad guys we'll find out
next season
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member